I'm using Flask, a microframework for web applications. The templates folder contains all the HTML template files needed to render web pages. The layout.html page provides the layout of the navbar and footer using Bootstrap for each other HTML page in the template folder. Venv is a virtual environment that contains all the dependencies that my project needs so that my API and the entire project can function. Venv allowed me to access libraries integral to my project's functioning. Specifically, Venv provides files and information needed for the API I used, Amadeus to be able to function. I needed to use an API in order to receive all of this data on flight prices.

The Python file api.py contains all the API-related logic needed for the website to function. It provides the fetch_flights and validate_origin function for app.py. The fetch_flight function gets the flight data from the Amadeus API. It does this by sending a GET request to the /v2/shopping/flight-offers endpoint and returning the flight offers in response.data. The validate_origin function checks if the origin locations are valid. It sends a GET request to the /v1/reference-data/locations endpoint and iterates through the response to see if it matches any IATA codes. The Amadeus API gave me access to all of the flight information that I needed. The Python file helpers.py provides utility functions such as apology, login_required, lookup, usd, format_datetime, and fetch_flight_price for app.py. These functions serve various purposes, such as apology, which returns user-friendly error messages, and fetch_flight_pric,e, which retrieves and formats updated flight prices.

The Python file app.py is the main entry point for the Flask web application. It processes the GET and POST requests, handles the routing, and links the logic of the front end and the back end. It includes essential functions such as search_flights which allows for the user to search for the cheapest flights back to Harvard. The static folder holds different static assets, such as my CSS, which is in the static.css file, and the different images used in the website. The project.db file is a database file for SQLite, which allows me to store information within a database, reuse it, and keep track of it. This is how I keep track of my different users, as well as their saved flights and suggestions.
All of these components allowed me to make a website where users can save the cheapest flights back to campus and store any important flight information.




